Expand the introduction with purpose, history, and other things. (#19)
moorepants/learn-multibody-dynamics: introduction.rst

- Dynamics
- Introductory numerical methods
- Introductory scientific computing

Purpose
=======

The goal of this book is to help you learn multibody dynamics via a mixture of
computation and traditional mathematic presenation. Most existing textbooks on
the subject are either purely mathematical and problems are solved by pencil
and paper or there are computational elements that are tacked on either in
specific problems or sections of the book. We hope to weave the two much more
fluidly here. This means that we need to choose a computing language to do so.
There are many programming lanugages well suited to multibody dynamics
computation, but we select Python for a few reasons: 1) Python is open source
and freely available for use, 2) Python is currently one, if not the, most
popular programming language in the world, and 3) the scientific libraries

> available in Python are volumnious and widely used in academia and industry.

Author: academia -> something

> This book is not about teaching deep theory in multibody dynamics, but is

Author: ```suggestion
This book is not about teaching the deepest theory in multibody dynamics, but is
```

focused on application and doing. After following the book you should be able
to correctly model, simulate, and visualize multibody dynamic systems so that
you can use them as a tool to answer the engineering and scientific questions
you need to. There are plently of other books to learn the theory and we will
cite them so you can study further.

History
=======

The primary presentation of multibody dynamics in this book is based on the
presentation in the graduate Multibody Dynamics course taught by Mont Hubbard
and the late Fidelis O. Eke at the University of California, Davis from
sometime in the 80s until 2016. Prof. Eke was a PhD student of Thomas Kane at
Stanford and Prof. Hubbard adopted Prof. Kane's approach to dynamics after

> moving to UC Davis from Stanford[*]_. The 10 week course was based on Thomas

Author: I probably started as a semester long course and then at some point the quarter system came to UC Davis, making it 10 weeks.

source scientific software. At that time Python's use by scientists and
engineers began to rapidly climb and we jumped on the bandwagon. We became
quite frustrated with the black box approach of the commercial software tools
most engineers used at that time, this included the tool Autolev that was
developed by Kane and his collaborators for the automation of multibody
dynamics modeling. Luke wrote the first version of PyDy as a Google Summer of
Code participant in 2009. Gilbert followed him by implementing a new version as
SymPy Mechanics in 2011 also as a Google SUmmer of Code participant. We use
this implementation in this this book. Combined with the power of SymPy and
Jupyter Notebooks (IPython Notebooks back then), it provides a computational
tool that is especially helpful for learning and teachign multibody dynamics
and can also be used for advanced modeling too.

I've stewarded and developed the software as well as taught and researched with
it over the last decade with the help of a long list of contributors. This book
is a presentation of the methods and lessons learned from over the last 10
years of doing multibody dynamics with open source Python software tools.

> 

Author: Add section with book helpers: Jan, Peter, other TAs.
